so honors I hear that you like the story
my kayak trip and when my camera fell in
the water so i thought i'd send you this
video to tell exactly how it happened so
you can see it so i'm in my kayak but
i'm not in the water because i don't
take the chance of losing another camera
but here's the story giuliano and i have
been working on our character for a long
time we had been planning it and went
with some friends up to Isle Royale it
was an exciting trip and we were really
excited to bought these kayaks and
Juliana nose is hanging up there in the
garage and we're really excited and went
and I love to take pictures you may not
know that but I love taking pictures so
i brought my favorite back up camera in
my favorite lens this is not a backup
lens this is a zoom lens my favorite
this was a 24 to 135 sigma zoom lens i
was really excited about bringing it
because it takes beautiful shots but I
was worried about bringing my new camera
because I thought well what happens if
it drops in the water and I figured out
I wouldn't drop it in the water but just
in case I bring my old camera my first
camera so we went and it was it was
beautiful kayaking we had a lot of fun
and on the second day we went to an
island and the four of us pulled up we
were with two of our friends and well
one of my friends and one of Juliana's
friends so I dad and another little boy
and we were kayaking or
which is ass backwards we're hiking
around and we stopped on this island and
we all pulled up and this is what I do
with my or oops wrong side I put it over
here we all pulled up into the island
and when you when you're in a kayak and
we pull up on an island you take the
front of the kayak and you push it right
up to shore and so we were goofing
around I was taking lots of pictures but
I was out of the kayak I was walking
around taking pictures Juliana when his
buddy we're doing fun stuff I was taking
pictures then as we started getting back
into the kayak I said well it's my turn
to push everybody else into the water
and so I took my camera and I put it on
the front of the kayak and I'll show you
where I put it so you can see exactly
where it was okay are you ready okay so
here's where I put it right on the front
of my kayak you see that that's the
front of the kayak that's the back and I
put it on the front and I thought well
that'll be fine I'll I won't forget it
it's just right there and plus look it's
on this sticky kind of thing this is
made of rubber this is a thing so that
underneath it you can put stuff it's
called dry storage so i put the camera
right on top of it thinking i'll never
forget it i mean look it's pretty
obvious there's a camera there you got
to be careful right so i pushed
everybody back i pushed everybody into
the water and then it was my turn so i
went ahead and i got in the kayak like i
always do I got in the kayak like this
and I just got into the kayak and I
pushed off and I saw the camera there it
was and it fell it went like this anyway
whoa
like that went right into the water fell
right into the water and I was reaching
for it and the kayak started to tilt
like this see if I can make the kayak
till kinda started to tilt like this and
I started taking on water and I was like
oh no the kayaks taking on water and
there are the camera in the water and it
was in the water that long and I finally
reached it like this and I grabbed it
and I looked at it and there was all
sorts of water in it then looked inside
the lens and the lens was all blurry I
thought oh no I was so sad so then I
backed up this back there so then I got
back into my kayak and I told the guys
and I said oh no that kind of my camera
got in the water and they said oh maybe
it's worked maybe it's gonna work and I
said okay let me check so I took the
lens off and there was water inside the
camera I was so sad and I looked inside
the lens and there was water inside the
lens so I quickly grabbed the inside I
grant the memory card out so I could
save all our photos but you know what
this camera still does not work it does
not work but I save it because it's my
favorite first camera and it was my
favorite first length than I ever had
and it took a lot of terrific pictures
but it's dead now so i use it just
because I really still love it so I just
keep it but it's no good it doesn't
really work so anyways that's my story
buddy so um I hope you like it